your destiny is in my hands.
Citizens of Earth,
MALE:
Those of you who acquiesce
to my demands
will be treated fairly.
and you face a dire fate indeed
Oppose me,
as my slaves in the mines
of Mercury.
You have one hour.
You'll never get away
with this.
Oh, but I shall.
Your once-proud country
will fall to its knees.
using your rocket ship
How ironic that I am
to lead my space force
into battle.
You're wrong, Chaotica.
Before you came on board,
the self-destruct button.
someone pushed
In three minutes,
we'll all be dead.
No!
( door opens )
The jig is up, Your Majesty.
Captain Proton.
Spaceman First Class,
Protector of Earth
Scourge of Intergalactic Evil...
at your service.
into the fiery mouth
But I saw you fall
of that volcano.
It takes more than
a little lava
to stop Captain Proton.
Now, I want you to call off
your invasion
and give me back
my rocket ship.
There is one force
in this universe
that even you cannot defeat.
( screaming )
The same to you.
Doc.
I should have known
Mr. Paris.
monopolizing the holodeck.
it was you
insolent fool?
Who is this
Uh, he's one
of our men.
Computer, adjust the Doctor's
spectral frequency.
in your frivolous fantasy.
I have no interest
I'm here to rehearse a duet
from Don Carlo,
three minutes into my sched--
and you've already gone
Enough!
Robot, attack.
( screams )
Destroy them.
CHAOTICA:
Start with him.
Computer, freeze program.
( computer beeps )
the final chapter--
Doc, this is
Conquers the World."
"Satan's Robot
We can't stop now.
"to be continued"
Does the phrase
mean anything
to you?
Your opera can wait.
This program is a waste
of photonic energy.
Oh, really?
Take a look around you.
This is how the 20th century
saw the future.
We are studying sociology.
Perhaps you can teach a course
at Starfleet Academy.
An Historical Overview."
"Satan's Robot:
( scoffs )
( alarm blaring )
Bridge to Holodeck 1.
What's going on down there?
Oh, nothing, Commander.
KIM:
Just a little power surge.
Says here the hologrid
just blew out.
We're fixing it now, sir.
PARIS:
Well, make it quick.
The last thing we need
is a broken holodeck.
Seven, I want good news.
That's an order.
Then I must disobey.
I have no good news
to report.
I've completed an astrometric
scan of the entire region.
There are no star systems
within 2,500 light-years.
Nothing.
Nothing?
Why can't we see any
stars beyond that?
There are heavy concentrations
of theta radiation.
It has occluded our sensors.
Any other ships
out there?
None. We are alone.
( sighs )
Every sailor's nightmare.
SEVEN:
Commander?
in the middle of the ocean.
It's like being becalmed
CHAKOTAY:
If it weren't for sensors,
know we were at warp.
we wouldn't even
this expanse for two months
We've only been crossing
and we're already feeling
the strain.
another two years?
How do we last
We will adapt.
Easier said than done.
the Captain of my findings?
Shall I inform
No.
I'll tell her.
( door opens, closes )
( dramatic theme playing )
First Officer's Log,
Stardate 52081.2.
CHAKOTAY:
entered this desolate region.
It's been 53 days since we
If we want to continue
our course toward home,
we have no choice
but to cross it.
We won't have an opportunity to
take on fresh supplies or fuel,
so I've ordered all departments
to create an energy reserve.
We're using power cells
to stockpile deuterium.
This won't be much
of a briefing.
TORRES:
There's nothing new
to report.
Humor me.
All right. Let's see.
peak efficiency,
Warp core's at
just like last week
and the week before that.
And my Engineering staff
is going stir-crazy.
Thanks.
Ensign?
Nada.
Can you be more specific?
are operating
All systems
within normal
parameters.
Anything new on sensors?
I detected a sudden increase
of theta radiation
in the vicinity.
Unknown.
Source?
Could be worth a look.
Finally, some excitement.
Radiation.
( chuckling )
Next piece of business.
Crew morale.
Deteriorating...
obviously.
I have a few suggestions
people's spirits.
that might boost
Please.
Rotate crew assignments.
to the daily routine.
Add variety
I myself wouldn't mind
squeezing in
a little tactical training.
Noted.
And the holodecks
NEELIX:
have been in high demand.
we could install a few emitters
I was thinking...
in Cargo Bay 2...
turn it into a third holodeck.
Hear, hear.
See to it, Harry.
CHAKOTAY:
One other item, sir.
among some of the crew.
Point of, uh, concern
It's--
Well, it's the Captain.
She's been a bit
elusive lately.
What's your point?
People take comfort
in talking to her.
When they see that the Captain's
happy, they're happy.
Rumor has it she never
leaves her quarters.
She'll come to the Bridge
Captain's privilege.
if and when she's needed.
Spare us the protocol,
Chakotay.
you've got to admit it.
It's pretty odd,
She can run this ship
It's her choice.
she wants to. Understood?
from wherever the hell
Yeah.
Sure.
( sighs )
We're all feeling the pressure,
including me.
Listen, maybe we've got
the wrong attitude.
as a two-year vacation.
Let's think of this
Dismissed.
That's a great idea, Harry.
You're a real genius.
Wow, Harry.
How do you come up with
these brilliant ideas?
You're such an optimistic guy.
( doors opening, closing )
( dramatic theme playing )
( beeps )
( gasping )
( panting )
Computer, lights, maximum level.
( beeping )
Bergamot tea, hot.
First thing in the morning,
I replicate some curtains.
Predictable.
Hmm?
always use that opening move.
The Novokovich gambit. You
That's because you
always fall for it.
this match a hundred times.
I feel like we've played
( sighing ):
Derada is a game of subtlety.
Too subtle for me.
Hmm. I'll bet.
What's that supposed to mean?
Well, if it doesn't involve
Klingon painsticks...
Good night.
Just when I'm winning.
There you go.
Who's predictable?
You don't want to start a fight
with me now.
Not at 3 a.m.
Three in the morning,
4 in the afternoon...
what's the difference?
You're angry 24 hours a day.
Everything is
a joke to you.
Or should I say good morning?
Good evening...
I guess you couldn't
sleep, either.
Oh, why sleep when we're
having so much fun?
We're all supposed to laugh.
He's joking, Neelix.
I certainly am
laughing
NEELIX:
on the inside...
Smiling, anyway.
Let's start a new game.
Cards?
A little snack?
No. I have a better idea.
Why don't we make a schedule,
a fight rotation?
We can optimize
our resources.
then you can start one...
I can start one,
Please...
I am really tired
of these games.
Well, then don't play them.
( shouts ): Stop!
You are senior officers!
You are supposed to be setting
an example for the rest--
The rest of the crew.
( gasping ):
( hyperventilating )
Neelix?
I can't breathe.
Paris to Sick Bay.
Some morale officer
I turned out to be.
a mild sedative.
I've given you
the urge to hyperventilate
It should control
some of your anxiety.
and alleviate
Anxiety?
when I burn a pot roast.
Anxiety's what I feel
This... This is more like...
Dizziness? Nausea?
Unspeakable dread?
Yes.
the fear of nothingness,
Nihiliphobia,
or in layman's terms,
the fear of...
nothingness.
If it's any consolation,
I can relate to it.
I go into a void every time
I'm deactivated...
emptiness, complete
and utter oblivion.
unsettling at first...
I'll admit, it was
The existential horror
of it all...
You're not helping,
Doctor.
Sorry.
you'll get used to it.
My point is,
I hope so.
( door opens )
( dramatic theme playing )
Commander...
SEVEN:
am I disturbing you?
No.
designated for recreational use?
Is the Astrometrics Lab
I come here to meditate.
the view from my quarters
Needless to say,
than stellar lately.
has been less
help you to focus your mind.
Astronomical phenomena
Yes. I imagine that each star
represents a single thought.
it rejuvenates you?
Meditation...
Indeed it does.
I suggest you try
Borg regeneration.
It's much more efficient.
A simple cortical implant
would be required.
Another time, perhaps.
( beeping )
What is it?
Long-range sensors are detecting
more theta radiation.
Dangerously high levels.
Source?
Unknown.
It's probably nothing, just...
background theta radiation.
there's someone nearby.
But it could mean
JANEWAY:
Distance?
25 light-years.
Approximately
It's a long shot,
but alter course.
Yes, ma'am.
If that's all,
Commander...
Actually, I'd like
to make a request.
I've been saving up
my holodeck rations,
three full hours coming.
and I've got
I might persuade you to join me
Any chance
for a few rounds of Velocity?
It'll help clear
your mind.
My mind is perfectly clear.
not leaving until you join me?
Then what if I told you I'm
I'd say, "Have a seat.
It'll be a while."
Then I'll be blunt.
You've picked a bad time
to isolate yourself
from the crew.
This ship needs a Captain,
especially now.
Would you be satisfied with
"I'm just catching up
on some reading?"
I understand it myself.
I'm not sure
It started when we
entered this--
What does the crew call it?
The Void.
Charming.
for a few Borg cubes about now,
Oh, what I wouldn't give
a little distraction.
anything for
Strange as it sounds...
I almost long for the days
when we were under
constant attack.
No time to stop and think
about how we got stranded
in the Delta Quadrant.
How did we end up here,
Chakotay?
Answer me.
with a difficult choice.
We were faced
We had the means to get home,
but using it would have put
an innocent people at risk
so we decided to stay.
No... No, no.
I decided to stay.
I made that choice
for everyone.
We're alive and well,
and we've gathered enough
data about this Quadrant
to keep Starfleet scientists
busy for decades.
Our mission's been a success.
I've been telling myself
Very same words
for the past four years.
But then we hit this Void,
how empty those words sound.
and I started to realize
Kathryn...
I made an error in judgment,
Chakotay.
It was shortsighted
and it was selfish,
and now all of us
are paying for my mistake.
So if you don't mind, Commander,
I'll pass on that little game.
And I'll leave shipboard morale
in your capable hands.
If the crew asks for me,
tell them the Captain
sends her regards.
( dramatic theme playing )
( clarinet plays melody
in minor key )
( door opens )
Sir.
Relax, Ensign.
Anything to report?
Not even a stray electron,
writing my concerto.
but I did finish
Echoes of the Void.
I call it
Got a minute?
Too many, in fact.
Tell me what you think.
( continues playing
in minor key )
Now, when we last saw
our heroes,
they had just retaken
their rocket ship.
Dr. Chaotica had escaped,
but he left behind
his trusty robot
to foil Captain Proton.
My designation?
You're Constance Goodheart.
Ah, right.
You're...my secretary.
Secretary?
Yeah. You tag along
on all the missions.
Now, I want you to keep
the robot occupied
while I save Earth.
Computer, run program.
Citizen of Earth,
surrender.
Do not resist.
I am Borg.
( voice slows down):
Surrender...
The robot has been
neutralized.
May I leave now?
Come on, Seven.
Give it a chance.
The galaxy's at stake.
( continues playing concerto)
( alarm beeping )
We've dropped out of warp.
We're losing power.
Switch to auxiliary.
No effect.
( dramatic theme playing )
( indistinct chatter )
a change of pace,
I was hoping for
KIM:
exactly what I had in mind.
but a blackout isn't
I'll try tapping into
the energy reserves.
( panicky breathing )
Double-check the radio relay.
MAN 1:
Man the lock plate.
MAN 2:
Yeah, I'll get on
that right away.
MAN 3:
( people continue shouting
indistinctly )
those plasma injectors!
Get inside
Infuse them manually
if you have to.
Lieutenant...
SEVEN:
Just a second.
PARIS:
how to work this thing.
I'm not sure
Captain Proton
to the rescue.
It's not exactly
Starfleet issue.
( beeping )
Shipwide power loss?
Everything's off-line--
Main power, auxiliary...
Independent subsystems
are operational.
Environmental controls,
holodecks...
from this holodeck
Reroute power
to the emergency relays.
Yes, ma'am.
No luck.
The hologrid is frozen.
( panicky breathing )
Neelix.
Don't mind me.
There's been
a power loss.
Nothing to worry about.
Who's worried?
Come on.
Take deep breaths,
nice and slow.
That's it.
( beeping )
Bingo.
partial sensors.
We've got
of our power drain.
I found the cause
of dampening field.
It's some kind
off the port bow.
The source is
all I can tell you.
That's about
On screen.
Do we have the power
a photon torpedo?
to launch
Maybe one. Why?
Perhaps we could shed some light
on our predicament.
I'm reconfiguring the torpedo
to emit a sustained
polyluminous burst.
A "warp flare."
Precisely.
( suspenseful theme playing )
to pry open this hatch.
I need something
( yells )
( growling )
disengage safety protocols!
Computer,
I saw something!
Over there.
I'm telling you,
I saw something.
nihiliphobic,
I may be
work just fine.
but my eyes
( suspenseful theme continues )
( breathing nearby )
I can hear breathing.
( growls )
Follow me.
Yes, ma'am.
Torpedo reconfigured.
Away.
the injector ports.
I can barely see
How about a little light
over here?
We can do better than that.
This power cell should be enough
to get emergency power
back on line.
Up here!
TORRES:
We'll hook it up directly
to the EPS manifold.
Emergency power
just came back.
We've got tactical.
Raising shields.
The warp core's
TORRES:
on line.
Janeway to Bridge.
Report.
has been blocked, Captain.
The dampening field
TUVOK:
by three alien vessels.
We are surrounded
Seventeen intruders
are on board.
responding to hails.
The ships aren't
weapons on line.
We do have
Tuvok, target the ship
off our port bow.
Fire a few warning shots.
Shields down to 64 percent.
TUVOK:
Do we have
propulsion?
Not yet.
( groaning )
He was attacked
by an intruder.
These burns
are severe.
( weapon firing in distance )
( grunts )
It may still be alive.
I disabled the alien.
Bring it to Sick Bay.
Shields are down.
They're reinitializing
the dampening field.
We're losing power.
Not again.
They've stopped
their attack.
They're beaming
off the ship.
There's another vessel
approaching.
( dramatic theme playing )
being hailed.
We're
On screen.
I'm Lieutenant Commander Tuvok
of the Federation--
13 spatial charges
I had to fire
to drive those ships off.
I expect to be compensated.
Of course.
Now...
tell me...
in the middle of nowhere?
what are you doing
( transporter beeping )
The bio-filters
are detecting
theta radiation.
high levels of
Compensate.
Welcome aboard.
I'm afraid we'll have
to talk here.
You appear to be leaking.
Yes, yes. My...
Don't be alarmed.
isolation suit.
We'd prefer to be
on the safe side, Mister...?
Emck. Controller Emck,
Malon export vessel,
eleventh gradient.
It's a pleasure to meet you,
and a relief--
EMCK:
I'd advise you
to turn around immediately.
of those creatures ahead,
There are more
thousands of vessels.
They are almost impossible
to detect.
You won't survive
another attack.
We can't go back.
expanse to reach our home.
We're crossing this
Mmm.
Then, uh...
it appears you'll
be coming with me.
What do you
mean?
There's a spatial vortex
a few light-years from here.
It leads directly to
the other side
of the expanse.
We've been using it
for years.
That would get us
out of the Void
off our journey home.
and cut two years
Well, thank you again.
I'm curious, Mr. Emck.
What are you doing here,
starships in distress?
besides rescuing
Ah. I'm on a...
transport mission.
My sensors tell me
that one of the creatures
is still aboard your ship.
during the attack.
It was injured
Our Doctor's treating it.
Why?
Enough questions.
and I'll take you to the vortex.
Give me the creature
Well, my apologies, Mr. Emck,
but I'd like to know
what's going on here.
with these beings?
Are you at war
None of your concern.
Your vessel seems
to be leaking
of theta radiation.
large amounts
What kind of transport mission
are you on, exactly?
My ship will depart
in two hours.
Cooperate or stay behind.
I won't be coming
to your rescue
when the creatures return.
I'm finished here.
( dramatic theme playing )
( console beeps )
the other side of the story.
I think it's time we heard
Watch your step.
to lower the lights.
I've had
My patient is extremely
photosensitive.
why they dampened our power.
That could explain
My feelings exactly.
From what I can tell,
indigenous to the Void.
this life-form may be
His physiology has evolved to
survive in complete darkness.
His condition?
Minor injuries,
to the chest and neck.
phaser wounds
But that's the least
of his problems.
He's dying, Captain.
Every organ is degrading
at the cellular level.
Theta radiation poisoning.
JANEWAY:
The final stages.
DOCTOR:
My guess is he's been exposed
to it over a long period.
There's nothing
I can do.
I'd like a word with him.
Captain of this vessel.
I'm Kathryn Janeway,
You are allies
with the Malon.
No.
to cross this region.
We're simply trying
Malon before today.
We never met the
They will want me.
Well, I have no intention
of giving you to them.
a captive here.
You're not
( shivering grunt )
Doctor.
with the Malon?
Are you at war
Their ships are poison.
The theta radiation.
They're killing us.
Why? What do they want from you?
Nothing.
alleviate the pain.
This will help
I don't understand.
We were ignorant.
We attacked you.
Forgive us.
but I need to understand.
Of course,
are killing your people,
You say the Malon
but there must
be a reason.
They're poisoning our space.
We don't know why.
( medical instrument beeps )
( gasping )
He's in respiratory distress.
We need to get him
back to his people.
how to treat him.
They might know
I will show you how.
I need a workstation.
Route it to the helm.
the coordinates,
If you enter
my pilot will set a course.
I am grateful.
Take the Bridge.
I'll stay here.
We still don't have a defense
against their dampening field.
to attack again--
If they decide
I'm confident
they won't.
to put in my logbook.
Finally something
Tuvok.
I need your advice.
A first.
we're not exactly best friends.
Look, I realize
each other at arm's length,
From day one, we've kept
but I've always respected
your judgment,
and right now, I could use
a little Vulcan clarity.
Proceed.
It's the Captain.
As you may have noticed, she's
isolated herself from the crew.
She believes that she made
an error in judgment
four years ago,
that she's responsible
for stranding Voyager
in the Delta Quadrant.
She told you?
No.
I've been observing her behavior
for the past four years.
her constant companion.
Guilt has been
longer than anyone.
You've known her
seen her like this?
Have you ever
Only once.
her first year
It was during
on the USS Billings.
as a Commander
to survey a volcanic moon.
She sent an away team
Their shuttle was damaged
by a magma eruption,
and three crew members
were severely injured.
The next day, she returned
to the moon, alone,
to complete the survey.
She wanted the crew to know
had not been in vain.
that their suffering
She could have been killed.
Seeking redemption.
Precisely.
Captain Janeway's methods
are...unorthodox.
It is her strength
as a leader,
but, unfortunately, it is also
her greatest weakness.
Stubborn as a Klingon.
To put it mildly.
If she tries something
like that again,
I want to be ready,
to need your support.
and I'm going
( dramatic theme playing )
We're at the coordinates.
( computer beeping )
All stop. Shields up.
Tuvok.
Nothing on sensors.
Bridge to Captain.
We've arrived.
Stand by.
They're here...
but I must tell them
you are a friend.
Your communications system?
( console beeping )
I'm picking up photonic surges.
They're all around us.
company. Eight ships.
Captain, we've got
Twelve more approaching.
a full bio-scan.
Let's run
We have lived here
for millions of years
undisturbed,
until the Malon came.
Captain, every one of them
appears to be suffering
from theta radiation
exposure.
they are killing us.
We tell them
ALIEN:
They won't listen.
We try to stop them.
They're too strong.
What about the vortex, can you
close it? Keep them out?
We don't know how.
Your ship is powerful.
Your people resourceful.
We need your help.
( comm beeps )
Bridge to Captain.
They're locking
onto the alien in Sick Bay.
Lower the shields.
Will you help us?
Poison.
The vessel is ejecting
massive quantities
of contaminated
antimatter.
Their cargo holds
are loaded with it,
over 90 million
isotons.
Hail them.
Captain.
EMCK:
You've decided to join us.
Send the creature to...
That won't be possible. We've
returned him to his people.
JANEWAY:
You wanted the life-form
because you were afraid
we'd uncover your...
transport mission.
none of your concern.
I said this was
Well, it is now.
You're using their space
as a dumping ground
antimatter waste. Why?
for your
My civilization produces
over 6 billion isotons
of industrial byproduct
every day.
a perfect disposal site.
This region is
How convenient...
for you.
A spacial vortex
to the middle of nowhere,
far away
from your own system.
Out of sight,
out of mind.
The problem is,
somebody lives here.
JANEWAY: One's enough.
One species.
We didn't come here
to debate the issue.
We came here to offer
a peaceful solution.
What kind of solution?
antimatter as well,
My people use
but we found ways to
purify the reactant
so there's no
toxic waste.
We'll show you.
Guide us through
the vortex.
We can meet with
your scientists
exchange information.
on the other side,
Show me now.
Stand by for transport.
guest to Engineering
Commander, take our
a demonstration.
and give him
Let's turn our sensors
on that vortex.
I want to know exactly
how it works...
diplomacy fails.
just in case
Do you intend
to destroy it?
The residual antimatter's
TORRES:
in a transkinetic chamber
then processed
where it's broken down
on a subatomic level.
the theta radiation?
What about
Oh, it's absorbed by a series
of radiometric converters.
We recycle the energy,
use it to power
everything
from life support
to replicators.
of conversion technology.
We don't have this kind
of your freighter
Our scans
show that you have
plasma manifolds.
The engineering principles
are the same.
We're not saying this
won't take some effort.
You're looking at several
months of retrofitting,
depending on the size
of your fleet.
All the schematics
are here
and we'd be willing
to work with you,
get you started.
We can even provide you
with some converters.
Ingenious design.
would be pleased.
Our engineers
of problems on my world.
This would solve a lot
Unfortunately,
put me out of business.
it would also
Sorry?
Your technology would throw
the waste-export
industry into chaos.
Before long, I'd be obsolete,
heh.
Oh, I came here
hoping your claims
were exaggerated,
but I can see they're not.
You can keep your solution.
You lying--
B'Elanna.
We went through
this whole song and dance,
and he never had any intention
of working with us.
That's not important.
that we're talking now.
What matters is
We're proposing changes,
some of them difficult,
but progress can also bring
new opportunities.
Given time, this could turn
to your advantage.
( wheezing laugh )
I already have
the advantage--
The vortex.
No one knows about it
except me and my crew.
By ejecting my cargo here,
I cut expenses in half.
I won't sacrifice that.
factor into your profit margin.
I guess mass murder doesn't
about these creatures, stay.
You care so much
I'm sorry you won't
listen to reason,
to walk away from this.
but don't expect us
You've scanned my vessel.
You've seen my firepower.
You wouldn't survive
10 seconds
in a conflict with me.
Get him out of here.
( dramatic theme playing )
Ah!
( sighs )
JANEWAY:
Options?
We fight our way past them,
CHAKOTAY:
navigate the vortex
on our own.
on the other side,
Once we're
Malon authorities
we contact the
whistle on Emck.
and blow the
the reclamation technology
We give them
and continue on our way home.
Exactly.
get through the vortex,
Even if we did
there's no guarantee the Malon
will do the right thing...
if Mr. Emck is
any indication.
As long as this vortex exists,
of this region are at risk.
the inhabitants
Any chance we could
destroy it?
but there's a catch.
I believe so,
We'll have to collapse it
from this end
where it's dimensional
radius is weakest.
our shortcut out of here.
We'd be closing
Two more years in the Void.
I can live with that.
But I'm not sure I can.
Four years ago,
I destroyed the Caretaker's
Array to protect the Ocampa.
That "act of compassion"
in the Delta Quadrant.
stranded this crew
to give that order again.
I'm not about
a little different.
This situation is
Oh, it's close enough.
to make too big a sacrifice.
I'm asking this crew
that same mistake.
I won't make
option, I'm listening.
If you have another
Chakotay,
there's no one I trust
more than you.
You're a fine First Officer.
to Captain this ship?
Are you ready
Yes.
Assemble the crew.
( dramatic theme playing )
Captain on the Bridge.
JANEWAY:
At ease.
Harry, how have you been?
Just fine, ma'am.
Good.
We've missed you,
Captain.
Likewise.
I'll make this brief.
Your orders are to proceed
to the vortex.
Use whatever means necessary
past the Malon freighter.
to fight your way
in a shuttlecraft
I'll stay behind
and destroy the vortex.
a class-2 shuttle
Tuvok, I'll need
armed with photon torpedoes.
Tom, set a course for...
Forget it.
TORRES:
We're not going to let you
die out here.
Have a little faith, B'Elanna.
I'll have a shuttle, plenty
of rations. I'll survive.
Alone in the Delta Quadrant?
No offense, but...
I've made my decision.
Don't we have a say?
What about us?
He's right,
Captain.
to brave this Void
I'd be willing
keeping you with us.
if it meant
Tom...set a course.
I gave you an order.
Lieutenant,
that order, ma'am.
I can't follow
Harry, take the helm.
I'm sorry, Captain.
( dramatic theme grows somber )
I will not comply.
What's a hologram to do?
you're not the only one
As you can see,
to evaluate the past.
who's had time
Yes, I can see that.
you could all be hanged
You realize
for mutiny.
Looks like we need
another option.
We fire torpedoes
the instant we cross
the threshold.
As the vortex begins
to collapse,
we jump into high warp.
shock wave on our tail.
There'll be a massive
the aft shielding.
I'll reinforce
There's still one obstacle,
the Malon.
Antimatter waste has
weakened the bulkhead
their cargo hold.
surrounding
A direct phaser strike
should disable them.
Poetic justice.
Indeed.
You realize it will reduce
of getting through.
our chance
Chance is irrelevant.
We will succeed.
A vote of Borg confidence.
Who could argue with that?
Back to your stations.
All right.
Let's do it.
Red Alert. Set a course
for the vortex.
CHAKOTAY:
to battle stations.
All hands
You told them.
They knew coming in.
Let's just say
I wouldn't be
a fine First Officer
if I hadn't.
( somber theme swells
dramatically )
( crashing )
Return fire.
everything we've got.
Hit them with
Their shields
are holding.
Open a channel.
This is Voyager.
Stand down your weapons
and fall back.
( crashing )
I'll take that as a "no."
The vortex?
Two million kilometers
dead ahead.
Bridge to Engineering.
We're approaching
the vortex.
Bring the aft shielding
on line.
Acknowledged.
the other side.
See you on
Status?
The port nacelle's
been ruptured.
We're venting
plasma.
Can you get us out of here
on one engine, Tom?
I think so.
armed and ready.
Torpedoes
On my order, Tuvok.
one shot at this.
We'll only get
spatial charges.
They're firing
Evade them.
( exhales )
Captain Proton
to the rescue.
( chuckles )
I'll explain later.
The vortex is in visual range.
TUVOK:
Time to intercept.
JANEWAY:
Steady as she goes.
Forty-seven seconds.
Keep laying down fire.
( grunts )
Direct hit! Starboard nacelle!
Both engines are off-line!
We're riding on inertia.
and we're dead in the water.
One more hit
Without warp drive, we'll never
outrun the shock wave.
Tuvok, can you reinforce
the aft shields
with our main deflector?
I believe so.
JANEWAY: Do it.
that shock wave out of here,
We're going to ride
to the other side.
let it push us
Adjusting shield harmonics.
Captain...
...they intend to block
our path.
Twenty seconds.
Prepare to fire.
CHAKOTAY:
That may not be necessary.
( dramatic theme playing )
The freighter is moving
to combat the aliens.
They're trying to distract
the Malon,
give us the upper hand.
Ten seconds.
The freighter's shields
are weakening.
Target their cargo hold.
Time to take out the garbage.
We're crossing the threshold.
Torpedoes.
Shock wave approaching.
600 meters.
Five hundred...
Four...
Aft shields at maximum.
All hands brace
for impact.
Pressure is building
on the outer hull.
Shields weakening.
( grunts )
( gasps )
We're clear.
has been destroyed.
The vortex
of the Void?
Are we out
Not yet.
brought us up a bit short.
That little maneuver
We're still 200,000 kilometers
from the boundary.
On screen.
Maintain course.
There.
What?
I saw something.
A star.
Remind me to check
your eyesight.
( console beeping )
what do you see out there?
Harry,
I see a densely-packed region
with thousands of star systems.
Looks pretty lively.
Full speed ahead.
( dramatic theme playing )